
=== STEP 1 COMPLETE: Document Content Extracted === Session: ndasProject: NDA ReviewMain Object: Non-Disclosure Agreement
=== EXTRACTED DOCUMENT CONTENT (3 DOCUMENTS) ===
--- DOCUMENT 1: 3M Company - NDA.pdf ---
EX-99.E.3 4 dex99e3.htm NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
Exhibit (e)(3)
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
In connection with a potential transaction (“Proposed Transaction”) between 3M Company (“Interested Party” or “Receiving Party”), and
Cogent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company” or “Disclosing Party”), the parties wish to protect and preserve the confidential and/or
proprietary nature of certain information and materials of the Company that may be disclosed or made available to the Interested Party or its
Representatives (as defined below) in connection with certain discussions, negotiations or dealings between the parties relating to the Proposed
Transaction.
In consideration of the foregoing and the rights and obligations set forth herein, both parties hereby agree as of July 31, 2008 (the “Effective
Date”):
1. PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND OTHER DEFINITIONS.
1.1 “Proprietary Information” means any and all information and material disclosed by Disclosing Party or any of its Representatives to
Receiving Party or any of its Representatives in connection with the Proposed Transaction or in the course of the parties’ evaluation and negotiation
of the Proposed Transaction, together with all communications, data, reports, analyses, compilations, studies, interpretations, records, notes, lists,
financial statements or other materials or information prepared by Receiving Party or any of its Representatives that contain or otherwise reflect or
are based upon, in whole or in part, any Proprietary Information of Disclosing Party or that reflect the review of, interest in, or evaluation of all or
any portion of the Proposed Transaction or Disclosing Party’s business (collectively, “Derived Information”), whether tangible or intangible,
furnished or prepared in writing or in oral, graphic, electronic or any other form or manner. In addition, Proprietary Information shall include (x) the
fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning the Proposed Transaction or that Interested Party has made or may make an offer to
acquire Company’s stock or assets or that any Proprietary Information has been shared between the parties and their respective Representatives in
connection therewith, (y) the proposed terms and conditions of the Proposed Transaction (including any financial terms and conditions) and the
status thereof, and (z) the existence, context, and scope of this Agreement.
Proprietary Information shall not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of any
disclosure or other action or inaction by Receiving Party in breach of this Agreement (including any disclosure or other action or inaction by
Representatives of Receiving Party that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if undertaken by Receiving Party itself); (ii) is or becomes
known or available to Receiving Party or any of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis from a source (other than Disclosing Party or any of
its subsidiaries, affiliates or Representatives) that, to the best of the knowledge of Receiving Party, is not prohibited from disclosing such Proprietary
Information to Receiving Party by a contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation; or (iii) is or was independently developed by Receiving Party or any of
its Representatives without violation of any obligation under this Agreement.
1.2 “Representatives” means as to any person, its directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors (including, without limitation, financial
advisors, financing sources, attorneys, accountants and their respective Representatives).
1.3 “person” shall be broadly interpreted to include, without limitation, any corporation, company, partnership, other entity or individual.
2. NON-DISCLOSURE AND LIMITED USE.
2.1 Non-Disclosure. Without the written consent of Disclosing Party and except as otherwise required by applicable law, Receiving Party shall
keep, and shall cause its Representatives to keep, all Proprietary Information confidential and shall not disclose or reveal, and shall cause its
Representatives not to disclose or reveal, in any manner whatsoever, in whole or in part, any Proprietary Information to any person, other than to its
Representatives who are actively and directly participating in its evaluation of the Proposed Transaction or who otherwise need to know the
Proprietary Information for the purpose of evaluating the Proposed Transaction and who are bound by restrictions regarding the disclosure and use of
such Proprietary Information (either contractual, legal or fiduciary) owed to Company, Interested Party or any their respective Representatives that
are comparable to and no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement. Each party shall inform all of its respective Representatives and shall
cause its respective Representatives to inform their Representatives who receive Proprietary Information hereunder of the confidential nature of such
information and the Proposed Transaction, as well as the terms of this Agreement. Receiving Party shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to
not, use any Proprietary Information for any purpose other than to evaluate the Proposed Transaction or in connection with the consummation of the
Proposed Transaction. Each party shall be responsible for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by it or its Representatives.
2.2 Degree of Care. Receiving Party shall take the same degree of care that it uses to protect its own confidential and proprietary information
of similar nature and importance (but in no event less than reasonable care) to protect the confidentiality and avoid the use, disclosure, publication or
dissemination of the Proprietary Information of Disclosing Party. Receiving Party shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to not, decompile,
disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer (except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding a contractual obligation to the
contrary) any Proprietary Information or any portion thereof, or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or
techniques embodied in any Proprietary Information or any portion thereof. Receiving Party shall not use Proprietary Information for any purpose or
in any manner that would constitute a violation of any laws or regulations, including without limitation the export control laws of the United States.
2.3 Designated Representatives. Neither Interested Party nor its Representatives shall initiate or maintain contact with any officer, director,
stockholder, employee or agent of Company or its subsidiaries regarding the Proposed Transaction, except with the express consent of Company. All
(i) communications regarding the Proposed Transaction, (ii) requests for additional information, (iii) requests for on-site access or management
meetings and (iv) discussions or questions regarding procedures, will be submitted or directed to the Representatives designated by the Company.
2.4 Compelled Disclosure of Proprietary Information. If Receiving Party or any of its Representatives are requested pursuant to, or required
by, applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any rule, regulation or policy statement of any national securities exchange, market or
automated quotation system on which any of Receiving Party’s securities are listed or quoted) or by legal process to disclose any Proprietary
Information, or any other information concerning Disclosing Party, its subsidiaries or affiliates, Receiving Party shall provide Disclosing Party with
prompt notice of such request or requirement, in order to enable Disclosing Party (a) to seek an appropriate protective order or other remedy, (b) to
consult with Receiving Party with respect to Disclosing Party’s taking steps to resist or narrow the scope of such request or legal process or (c) to
waive compliance, in whole or in part, with the terms of this Agreement. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or
Disclosing Party waives compliance, in whole or in part, with the terms of this Agreement, Receiving Party or its Representatives, as the case may
be, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to disclose only that portion of the Proprietary Information which Receiving Party is advised by legal
counsel is legally required to be disclosed and exercise its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurances that confidential treatment
will be accorded to the Proprietary Information so disclosed.
2.5 Attorney-Client Privilege. To the extent that any Proprietary Information may include material subject to the attorney-client privilege,
work product doctrine or any other applicable privilege concerning pending or threatened legal proceedings or governmental investigations, the
parties understand and agree that they have a commonality of interest with respect to such matters and it is their desire, intention and mutual
understanding that the disclosure of such material is not intended to, and shall not, waive or diminish in any way the confidentiality of such material
or its continued protection under the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or other applicable privilege and any such Proprietary
Information shall remain entitled to all protection under these privileges, this Agreement, and under the joint defense doctrine. Nothing in this
Agreement obligates any party to reveal material subject to the attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or any other applicable privilege.
2.6 Definitive Agreement. Until a definitive agreement regarding the Proposed Transaction has been executed by the parties hereto, neither
party hereto shall be under any legal obligation or have any liability to the other party of any nature whatsoever with respect to the Proposed
Transaction by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise (other than with respect to the confidentiality and other matters set forth herein). Each party
hereto and its Representatives (i) may conduct the process that may or may not result in the Proposed Transaction in such manner as such party, in its
sole discretion, may determine (including, without limitation, negotiating and entering into a definitive agreement with any third party without notice
to the other party) and (ii) reserves the right to change (in its sole discretion, at any time and without notice to the other party) the procedures relating
to the parties’ consideration of the Proposed Transaction (including, without limitation, terminating all further discussions with the other party). For
purposes of this Agreement, the term “definitive agreement” does not include an executed letter of intent or any other preliminary written agreement
in principle.
2.7 No Representations or Warranties Regarding Proprietary Information. Subject to the terms and conditions of a definitive agreement
regarding the Proposed Transaction and without prejudice thereto, each party acknowledges that neither the other party nor its Representatives nor
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or controlling persons of such Representatives makes any express or implied representation or
warranty as to the completeness of the Proprietary Information or any use thereof. Each party hereby expressly disclaims all such warranties,
including any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and accuracy, and any warranties arising
out of course of performance, course of dealing or usage of trade. Receiving Party shall not be entitled to rely on the completeness of any Proprietary
Information, but shall be entitled to rely solely on such representations and warranties regarding the completeness of the Proprietary Information as
may be made to it in a definitive agreement relating to the Proposed Transaction, subject to the terms and conditions of any such agreement, should
the discussions between the parties progress to such a point.
3. NO SOLICITATION.
3.1 No Solicitation of Employees. Interested Party agrees that neither it nor its affiliates will at any time until the one year anniversary of the
Effective Date, directly or indirectly, employ or solicit for employment (i) any key technical or management personnel of the Company that has first
been introduced by the Company to the Interested Party in connection with the Proposed Transaction or who was otherwise substantively involved in
the discussions of the Proposed Transaction or (ii) any other person who is now employed as an officer of the other party or any of its affiliates;
provided, that the foregoing restriction shall not be deemed to prohibit Interested Party or its Representatives from making general public
solicitations for employment for any position or from employing any employee of the
Company who either responds to such a general solicitation for employment or otherwise contacts Interested Party on his or her own initiative and
without solicitation by Interested Party in contravention of the above restriction. Additionally, the above restriction shall not be deemed to prohibit
Interested Party from making offers of employment or offering retention packages to any employees of Company or any of its affiliates in
connection with the Proposed Transaction, provided that such offers have been disclosed to the Board of Directors of the Company.
4. SECURITIES ISSUES.
4.1 No Public Disclosure Required. Each party expressly confirms and agrees that, as of the date hereof, it is not required to make any public
disclosure with respect to (a) the Proposed Transaction (or the terms or conditions or any other facts relating thereto), (b) any item of Proprietary
Information (or the fact that Proprietary Information has been made available to such party), or (c) any discussions or negotiations taking place
between the parties with respect to the Proposed Transaction, whether pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”), the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or similar requirements related to general disclosure. If, after the date of this Agreement,
either party determines that any such disclosure is required, no such disclosure shall be made unless and until such party consults with the other party
regarding the necessity and form of any such disclosure, and provides the other party a reasonable opportunity to review the proposed disclosure and
comment thereon.
4.2 Restrictions on Sales of Securities. Each party is aware, and will advise its Representatives who are informed of the matters that are the
subject of this Agreement, of the restrictions imposed by the United States securities laws on the purchase or sale of securities by any person who
has received material, non-public information from the issuer of such securities and on the communication of such information to any other person
when it is reasonably foreseeable that such other person is likely to purchase or sell such securities in reliance upon such information. However, this
will not prevent Receiving Party from purchasing stock through its benefit plans in the ordinary course of business.
5. OWNERSHIP.
All Proprietary Information (including, without limitation, all copies, extracts and portions thereof) is and shall remain the sole property of
Disclosing Party, provided, that all Derived Information shall be the sole property of Receiving Party. Receiving Party does not acquire (by license or
otherwise, whether express or implied) any intellectual property rights or other rights under this Agreement or any disclosure hereunder, except the
limited right to use such Proprietary Information in accordance with the express provisions of this Agreement. All rights relating to the Proprietary
Information that are not expressly granted hereunder to Interested Party are reserved and retained by Disclosing Party.
6. TERM.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of this Agreement, including the restrictions on disclosure and use, shall terminate on the
second anniversary of the Effective Date; provided that Sections 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7 and Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.
7. REMEDIES.
Receiving Party agrees that, due to the unique nature of the Proprietary Information, the unauthorized disclosure or use of the Proprietary
Information may cause injury to Disclosing Party, the extent of which will be difficult to ascertain and for which there may be no adequate remedy at
law. Accordingly, Receiving Party agrees that Disclosing Company, in addition to any other available
remedies, may have the right to seek an immediate injunction and other equitable relief enjoining any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement
as ordered by the court. Receiving Party shall notify Disclosing Party immediately if Receiving Party has reason to believe that any person who has
had access to the Proprietary Information (including Receiving Party or any of its Representatives) has violated or intends to violate the terms of this
Agreement or otherwise disclose any Proprietary Information in violation of the terms hereof. Any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon
a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the
exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.
8. RETURN OF MATERIALS.
If either party hereto shall determine that it does not wish to proceed with the Proposed Transaction, such party shall promptly advise the other
party of that decision. In that case, or if the Proposed Transaction otherwise is not consummated for any reason, Receiving Party shall, upon
Disclosing Party’s written request, promptly deliver to Disclosing Party all Proprietary Information, and, at Disclosing Party’s sole election, return or
destroy (provided that any such destruction shall be certified by a duly authorized Representative of Receiving Party) all copies, reproductions,
summaries, analyses or extracts thereof or based thereon (whether in hard-copy form or on intangible media, such as electronic mail or computer
files) in Receiving Party’s or any of its Representatives’ possession; provided, that if a legal proceeding has been instituted to seek disclosure of the
Proprietary Information, such material shall not be destroyed until the proceeding is settled or a final judgment with respect thereto has been
rendered. However, Receiving Party may retain in the office of its legal counsel, one copy of Proprietary Information for record purposes only.
Notwithstanding the return or destruction of any Proprietary Information, or documents or material containing or reflecting any Proprietary
Information, the parties will continue to be bound by their obligations of confidentiality and other obligations hereunder for the term of this
Agreement (or such other term as may be applicable to the specific obligation), except as otherwise specifically provided herein.
9. MISCELLANEOUS.
9.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the confidentiality of the Proprietary
Information in connection with the Proposed Transaction and related matters and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous representations,
discussions, proposals, negotiations, conditions, communications and agreements, whether oral or written, between the parties relating to the same
and all past courses of dealing or industry custom.
9.2 Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Interested Party and Company and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.
9.3 Amendments and Waivers. No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing
and signed by duly authorized signatories of both parties. The waiver by either party of a breach of or a default under any provision of this
Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of or default under the same or any other provision of this Agreement, nor
shall any delay or omission on the part of either party to exercise or avail itself of any right, power, privilege or remedy that it has or may have
hereunder operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other further exercise of any such right, power,
privilege or remedy hereunder.
9.4 Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard
to conflicts of laws principles.
9.5 Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. The parties hereto agree that any and all actions or proceedings seeking to enforce any provision of,
or based on any right arising out of, this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, including
Federal Courts located therein, should Federal jurisdiction requirements exist. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of
the appropriate appellate courts) in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to venue laid therein. Process in any action or proceeding
referred to in the preceding sentence may be served on any party anywhere in the world. The parties hereto specifically waive any right to a jury trial
with respect to any matter arising under this Agreement.
9.6 Expenses. In the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final, non-appealable
order that a party has breached this Agreement, then such party shall be liable and pay to the non-breaching party the reasonable costs and expenses
(including reasonable legal fees and expenses) such non-breaching party has incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement,
including any appeal therefrom.
9.7 Severability. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and such provision shall be enforced to the maximum
extent possible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.
9.8 Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be delivered under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified; (ii) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during normal
business hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day; (iii) three (3) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid; or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
written verification of receipt, to the address or facsimile number set forth beneath the name of each party below (or to such other address or
facsimile number as such party may designate by five (5) days advance written notice to the other party hereto).
9.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this
Agreement and all of which, when taken together, will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.
[SIGNATURES FOLLOW ON THE NEXT PAGE]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly authorized and caused this Non-Disclosure Agreement to be executed as follows:
COMPANY
Cogent, Inc.
By: /s/ Paul Kim
(signature)
Name: Paul Kim
(print)
Title: Chief Financial Officer
INTERESTED PARTY
3M Company
By: /s/ David G. Fellner
(signature)
Name: David G. Fellner
(print)
Title: Manager, Corporate Development
AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
This Amendment No. 1 to Non-Disclosure Agreement (this “Amendment”) dated as of May 31st, 2010 (the “Amendment Date”), is entered
into between Cogent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company” or “Disclosing Party”) and 3M Company, a Delaware corporation (“Interested
Party” or “Receiving Party”) (collectively the “Parties”).
WHEREAS, the Parties previously entered into a Non-Disclosure Agreement dated as of July 31, 2008 (the “Non-Disclosure Agreement”);
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to amend the Non-Disclosure Agreement in certain respects on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
1. Section 3.1 of the Non-Disclosure Agreement is hereby amended by replacing “one year anniversary of the Effective Date” in the second
line of such section with “three year anniversary of the Effective Date.”
2. Section 6 of the Non-Disclosure Agreement is hereby amended by replacing “second anniversary of the Effective Date” in the second line of
such section with “fourth anniversary of the Effective Date.”
3. This Amendment shall be effective for all purposes as of the Amendment Date. The terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment are in
addition to the terms of the Non-Disclosure Agreement which, except as amended in this Amendment, shall continue to remain in full force and
effect in accordance with its terms. Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Non-
Disclosure Agreement.
4. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and together shall be deemed to be one
and the same document.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective duly authorized representatives
effective as of the Amendment Date.
3M Company Cogent, Inc.
By: /s/ David G. Fellner By: /s/ Paul Kim
Name: David G. Fellner Name: Paul Kim
Title: Manager, 3M Corporate Development Title: Chief Financial Officer



--- DOCUMENT SEPARATOR ---

--- DOCUMENT 2: AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf ---
FORM OF NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.18
(Company Name), with its principal offices located at
(Company
Address) (herein after called "ABC"), is interested in entering into a business relationship (a "Possible Transaction") with AeroGrow International, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, with its headquarters located at 900 28th Street, Suite 201, Boulder, CO 80303 (herein after called "AeroGrow"). In order to discuss and evaluate the
Possible Transaction, (a) ABC has requested that disclose AeroGrow disclose to ABC certain confidential and proprietary data and other information of
substantial value to AeroGrow, and (b) AeroGrow has requested that ABC disclose to AeroGrow certain confidential and proprietary data and other information of
substantial value to ABC. This information may be in both oral and written form. Each of ABC and AeroGrow acknowledges that the other's disclosure of its
confidential and proprietary data and information to third parties will prejudice its ability to conduct its business successfully. Accordingly, each of ABC and
AeroGrow agrees that its respective receipt and use of the other's confidential and proprietary data and information will be subject to the following terms and
conditions:
1. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:
(a) "Affiliate" means (i) any other Person directly or indirectly (through one or more intermediaries) controlling, controlled by or under common control with that
Person; (ii) any other Person owning or controlling ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding voting securities or beneficial interests of that Person; or (iii) an
officer, director, partner or member, or a member of the immediate family of an officer, director, partner or member, of that Person. For these purposes "control"
means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership
or voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
(b) "Confidential Information" means: (i) all information, data and materials disclosed or made available to the Receiving Party by the Disclosing Party in
connection with a Possible Transaction, including, without limitation, all trade secrets, inventions, drawings, file data, test data, documentation, diagrams,
specifications, know how, processes, formulas, models, flow charts, software in various stages of development, source codes, object codes, research and
development procedures, test results, marketing techniques and materials, marketing and development plans, price lists, pricing policies, business plans,
information relating to customers and/or suppliers' identities, characteristics and agreements, financial information and projection, and employee files and (ii) all
analyses, compilations, studies, reports, records or other documents or materials which contain, or are prepared on the basis of any such non-public information
and which are either furnished to the Receiving Party or are prepared by or for the Receiving Party or any of its directors, officers, employees, members,
managers, agents, advisors or Affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, "Confidential Information" does not include any information that (i) is or becomes public
knowledge otherwise than by the Receiving Party's act or omission; or (ii) is or becomes available to the Receiving Party without obligation of confidence, of
which the Receiving Party was or should have been aware, from a source (other than the Disclosing Party) having the legal right to disclose that information; or
(iii) is already in the possession of the Receiving Party in documented form without an obligation of confidence, of which the Receiving Party was or should have
been aware, and was not received by the Receiving Party in anticipation of a Possible Transaction or as a result of a prior relationship with the Disclosing Party.
(c) "Disclosing Party" means the Person, either ABC or AeroGrow that is disclosing the Confidential Information to the Receiving Party.
(d) "Person" means any entity, corporation, company, association, joint venture, partnership, trust, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, real
estate investment trust, organization, individual (including personal representatives, executors and heirs of a deceased individual), nation, state, government
(including agencies, departments, bureaus, boards, divisions and instrumentalities thereof), court, tribunal, mediator, arbitrator, trustee, receiver or liquidator.
(e) "Receiving Party" means the Person, either ABC or AeroGrow, that is receiving the Confidential Information from the Disclosing Party.
(f) "Representative" of a Person means any director, officer, employee, shareholder, partner, member, Affiliate, agent or advisor of that Person, including,
without limitation, any attorney, accountant, consultant, banker or financial advisor of that Person.
2. The Receiving Party will preserve as confidential all Confidential Information which the Receiving Party may obtain or prepare (a) during the course of
discussions between ABC and AeroGrow concerning a Possible Transaction, (b) during the evaluation of a Possible Transaction and (c) during the course of any
business relationship which may be established between ABC and AeroGrow. Without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, which may be given or
withheld by the Disclosing Party in its sole and absolute discretion, the Receiving Party will not (a) disclose or demonstrate any Confidential Information to any
other Person nor give any other Person access thereto, nor (b) use any Confidential Information except in evaluating a Possible Transaction, nor (c) disclose to
any other Person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place concerning a Possible Transaction, or the terms, conditions or status thereof or
the fact that Confidential Information is being made available to the Receiving Party; provided, however, that any such Confidential Information may be disclosed
to those of the Receiving Party's Representatives who (i) need to know the same for the sole purpose of evaluating a Possible Transaction and (ii) agree to keep
such Confidential Information confidential and to be bound by the terms of this Agreement to the same extent as if they were parties hereto. If so requested by the
Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party will cause any such Representatives to execute this Agreement so as to be personally bound hereby. In any event, the
Receiving Party will be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any of its Representatives, and the Receiving Party will, at its sole expense, take all
reasonable measures (including, but not limited to, court proceedings) to restrain its Representatives from any prohibited or unauthorized disclosure or use of the
Confidential Information. Furthermore, no publicity release or announcement concerning the discussions between ABC and AeroGrow, this Agreement or a
Possible Transaction will be issued, by either ABC or AeroGrow without the advance written approval of the form and substance thereof by the other. In the event
that any such publicity release or announcement is required by law (in the opinion of either party's counsel), ABC or AeroGrow will consult with each other in
advance and cooperate with respect to any required press release or other disclosure.
-2-
3. If the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives is requested (by subpoena, interrogatory, request for information or documents, civil investigate demand or
other similar legal process) to disclose any of the Confidential Information to any other Person, the Receiving Party will provide the Disclosing Party with prompt
written notice of such request so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions
of this Agreement. Thereafter, if the Receiving Party or any such Representative is nevertheless, in the opinion of its counsel, legally compelled to disclose the
Confidential Information so requested or else stand liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty, the Receiving Party or that Representative may, without
liability hereunder, disclose to such other Person only that portion of the Confidential Information which the Receiving Party's counsel advises is legally required
to be disclosed. The Receiving Party will, in addition, exercise its best efforts to preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential Information so "disclosed and
cooperate with the Disclosing Party to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded to the
Confidential Information so disclosed.
4. The Receiving Party will use at least the same degree of care to avoid the publication, disclosure, reproduction or other dissemination of the Confidential
Information as the Receiving Party employs with respect to its own valuable, proprietary information which it protects from unauthorized publication, disclosure,
reproduction or other dissemination, but no less than a reasonable degree of care.
5. The Receiving Party will not conduct any inquiries regarding the Confidential Information or a Possible Transaction with any of the Disclosing Party's
stockholders, officers, members, managers, directors, employees, affiliates, suppliers, proposed business partners or customers or with others having business
relationships with the Disclosing Party except through Representatives of the Disclosing Party designated in writing by the Disclosing Party from time to time.
6. All documents, drawings, records, data bases, programs and other physical media of expression incorporating or containing any Confidential Information
which the Disclosing Party furnishes to the Receiving Party are acknowledged to be the property of the Disclosing Party and will be promptly surrendered to the
Disclosing Party upon the expiration or termination of the discussions between ABC and AeroGrow or any business relationship which may be established
between ABC and AeroGrow. In addition, except to the extent the Receiving Party is advised by counsel that such action is prohibited by law, the Receiving Party
will also destroy all copies, summaries and notes thereof made by the Receiving Party and all analyses, compilations, studies, reports or other documents or
materials which are prepared by the Receiving Party or its advisors and which contain or reflect any Confidential Information which the Disclosing Party furnishes
to the Receiving Party. After such expiration or termination the Receiving Party will make no further use of any of these materials, and if so requested by the
Disclosing Party, a duly authorized officer of the Receiving Party will deliver to the Disclosing Party a certificate indicating that the requirements of the immediately
preceding two sentences have been satisfied in full. The foregoing will apply regardless of the reasons for or circumstances surrounding such expiration or
termination.
-3-
7. Except as otherwise provided in any binding agreement between ABC and AeroGrow, all designs, methods, processes, developments, ideas and/or inventions
directly related to, or usable in, the Disclosing Party's business which the Receiving Party conceives, develops or reduces to practice, or causes to be conceived,
developed or reduced to practice, as a result of the Receiving Party's access to the Confidential Information will be the Disclosing Party's sole property. Upon
demand and without any further consideration the Receiving Party will confirm such ownership by executing assignments of all of the Receiving Party's rights
therein to the Disclosing Party.
8. The Receiving Party understands that the Disclosing Party makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential
Information disclosed to the Receiving Party, and the Receiving Party agrees that neither the Disclosing Party nor any of its officers, directors, stockholders,
members, managers, employees, agents or attorneys or controlling Persons within the meaning of Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will have
any liability to the Receiving Party arising from the Receiving Party's use of the Confidential Information, except if the Disclosing Party is held to be in breach of
this Agreement.
9. The Receiving Party agrees that money damages will not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or any of its
Representatives and that in addition to all other remedies which may be available, the Disclosing Party will be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive
or other equitable relied without bond, as a remedy for any such breach or threatened breach.
10. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, rule or regulation, all of the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement will survive the
termination of any discussions between ABC and AeroGrow or the termination or expiration of any business relationship which may hereafter be established
between ABC and AeroGrow, and will also survive any definitive agreements entered into by ABC and AeroGrow, in each such case for a period of three (3)
years from the date hereof, unless and only to the extent that such definitive agreements expressly supersede the covenants and agreements contained herein;
provided, however, that the provisions of this Agreement relating to the preservation of the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and each party's
obligation to reimburse the other for all costs incurred by the other in connection with the successful enforcement of this Agreement as to such matters will, in any
event, survive for so long as the Confidential Information remains confidential.
11. This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements, written or oral, relating to the above subject matter, and may be modified only by a written instrument
duly executed by ABC and AeroGrow.
12. In the event of any litigation between ABC and AeroGrow in connection with this Agreement, the unsuccessful party to such litigation will pay to the
successful party therein all reasonable costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees incurred therein by such successful party,
-4-
which costs, expenses and attorneys' fees shall be included as a part of any judgment rendered in such action in addition to any other relief to which the
successful party may be entitled.
13. All clauses and covenants contained in this Agreement are severable and in the event any of them is held to be invalid by any court, this Agreement will be
interpreted as if such invalid clauses and covenants were not contained herein.
14. This Agreement will be construed according to the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to its principles concerning conflicts of law. Any suit brought
hereon must be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in the County of Denver, Colorado. ABC and AeroGrow hereby waive any claim or defense that such
forum is not convenient or proper.
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED
AS OF
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED
AS OF
20
AEROGROW INTERNATIONAL, INC.
F. Wiedemann, VP
-5-



--- DOCUMENT SEPARATOR ---

--- DOCUMENT 3: Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf ---
FORM OF NON-COMPETITION, NON-SOLICITATION
AND NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.17
[For Bernard D. Berman, Ivelin M. Dimitrov, Alexander C. Frank and Todd G. Owens]
This Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between
[NAME] (“Employee") and FSC CT, Inc. (“Fifth Street”), a Connecticut corporation, as of the () day of [MONTH], 2014.
In this Agreement, Employee and Fifth Street are collectively referred to as the "parties". The term "Company” as used in
this Agreement includes Fifth Street and all direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliates of Fifth Street, including, without
limitation, Fifth Street Management LLC (the “Advisor”), Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. (“FSAM”"), Fifth Street
Holdings, L.P., Fifth Street Finance Corp. (the "BDC"), Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. (the "BDC II”), Fifth Street
Senior Loan Fund I Operating Entity, LLC, Fifth Street Senior Loan Fund II Operating Entity, LLC, Fifth Street Credit
Opportunities Fund, L.P., Fifth Street Mezzanine Partners II, L.P., Fifth Street Capital LLC, Fifth Street Capital West, Inc.,
FSC, Inc., FSC Midwest, Inc. and any entities formed after the date hereof which engage the Company to provide
services, and any affiliates of Fifth Street formed after the date hereof.
1.
Consideration. Employee acknowledges that he has been advised by Fifth Street that the restrictions
and covenants contained in this Agreement, and Employee's agreement to such terms, are of the essence to this
Agreement and constitute a material inducement to Fifth Street (i) to enter into this Agreement (including, without
limitation, agreeing to the terms of Section 2) for the benefit of the Company, and (ii) to employ Employee [FOR
MESSRS. BERMAN, DIMITROV AND FRANK: on the terms set forth in the Letter Agreement between the Employee
and Fifth Street, dated as of ), 2014 (the “Letter Agreement”)]. Employee acknowledges that the Company will not
employ Employee without Employee's agreement to comply with the restrictions and covenants contained in this
Agreement and without Employee's execution of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the
Company's providing employment to Employee is full and complete consideration for the promises and agreements
made by Employee herein.
2.
Non-Compete.
(a)
Non-Competition Period. As used in this Agreement, the term “Non-Competition Period" shall mean the
period of Employee's employment with the Company and the one-year period commencing on the date that Employee's
employment with the Company terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination and regardless of whether the
termination was voluntary or involuntary (or the three (3) month period commencing on the date that (i) Employee's
employment with the Company is terminated by the Company other than for "Cause" (as defined in Exhibit A) within
ninety (90) days prior to a “Change in Control” (as defined in Section (4) below), or (ii) Employee's employment is
terminated at any time on or after a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below)); provided that in the event of a
termination of Employee's employment for any reason other than for Cause (as defined on Exhibit A), the Company shall,
subject to the following conditions, pay Employee during the Non-Competition Period the sum of (i) his base salary (or a
pro rata portion, if the Non-Competition Period is less than one year in duration), pursuant to the Company's customary
payroll policies, plus (ii) [FOR MR. OWENS ONLY: a bonus (or a pro rata portion, if the Non-Competition Period is less
than one year in duration) equal to the average of the discretionary bonuses received by Employee over the preceding
two years (but no less than $1.5 million with respect to any termination in 2014 or 2015]/[FOR MESSRS. BERMAN,
DIMITROV AND FRANK: a bonus (or a pro rata portion, if the Non-Competition Period is less than one year in duration)
equal to the average of the discretionary bonuses received by Employee over the preceding two years]; [FOR MESSRS.
BERMAN, DIMITROV AND FRANK: provided, further, that solely in the event of a termination of Employee's
employment by the Company without Cause or by the Employee for Good Reason, Employee shall be entitled to
accelerated vesting of Options and RSUs as provided for in Annex A to the Letter Agreement]; provided that (I) the
commencement of the foregoing payments are conditioned on the effectiveness (i.e., the expiration of any applicable
revocation period without a revocation by Employee) of a release and waiver of all claims (the "Release") by Employee,
in the form attached as exhibit B to the Letter Agreement [FOR MR. OWEN ONLY: in the form attached as Exhibit B to
the Offer Letter from Fifth Street to Employee dated as of ), 2014 (the "Amended Offer Letter")], within 30 days
from the date of termination; (II) the foregoing payments are conditioned on Employee's full compliance in all respects
with the post-termination obligations set forth in this Agreement, (III) the post-termination obligations of Employee under
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and Employee shall remain bound in full by such obligations,
regardless of whether Employee elects to accept payment of such amounts, (IV) if the Company, in its sole discretion,
waives compliance with Section 2(a) of the Agreement in writing, the payments provided for in sub-clauses (a)(i) and (ii)
shall no longer be paid from and after the effective date of such waiver (it being understood that no such waiver shall
affect the Company's payment obligations under [the Letter Agreement]/[FOR MR. OWENS ONLY: the Amended Offer
Letter] and in the event of such a waiver, the other covenants contained in this Agreement shall not be affected and will
continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), [and] (V) if the termination occurs within
90 days prior to, or at any time on or after a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below) the payment shall equal
three (3) months of base salary and a pro rata portion of the applicable bonus equal to three (3) months [and FOR MR.
OWENS ONLY: (VI) any payment obligations under this Agreement shall be reduced by all post-termination separation
payments paid to the Employee under the Letter Agreement]. Employee covenants, during the one year period following
the termination of his employment, to provide to the Company, as promptly as reasonably practicable prior to
commencing employment, with advance written notice of the name of his new employer. For purposes of this Agreement,
"base salary" shall mean an amount equal to the highest base salary ever paid to Employee during his employment by
the Company.
2
(b)
Non-Competition. In order to protect the Company's Confidential or Protected Information, Employee
agrees that, during the Non-Competition Period, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control
or participate in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be connected as an officer, employee, director,
consultant, advisor, agent, independent contractor, partner, member, stockholder, trustee, or otherwise with, or have any
financial interests in, or aid or assist anyone else in the conduct of, or in any other capacity be engaged directly or
indirectly in, any entity or business (i) that is in competition with the Company's business of arranging and/or providing
financing solutions to sponsor-led, middle market acquisitions or (ii) that is in competition with any other type of business
in which the Company is also engaged, or plans to be engaged (each, a "Competitive Business”). The ownership of less
than two percent (2%) of any class of the outstanding securities of any corporation whose shares are traded on a U.S.
national securities exchange or quoted on The Nasdaq Stock Market, even though such corporation may be a
Competitive Business, shall not be deemed to constitute an interest in such competitor which violates this paragraph.
Following the termination of Employee's employment, the foregoing shall not prevent Employee from providing services
to any enterprise engaged in a Competitive Business to the extent that such services, or any supervisory responsibility of
Employee associated with such position, are related only to the products or lines of business of such entity which,
standing alone, would not constitute a Competitive Business, so long as the portion of the enterprise that is a Competitive
Business does not represent more than fifty percent (50%) of the revenues of such enterprise at any time.
(c)
Timing of Payments. The payments described in Section 2(a) above shall be paid, minus applicable
deductions, including deductions for tax withholding, in equal payments on the regular payroll dates during the
Non-Competition Period following Employee's termination of employment. Commencement of payments described in
Section 2(a) shall begin on the payroll date within 30 days of the effective date of the Release. The first payment shall
include those payments that would have previously been paid if the payments described in Section 2(a) had begun on
the first payroll date following Employee's termination of employment. This timing of the commencement of payments is
subject to Section 22 below and Annex D to the Letter Agreement.
(d) For purposes of this Agreement, "termination of employment" shall mean a "separation of service” as
defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code") and Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-1(h) without regard to the optional alternative definitions available thereunder.
(e)
The payments described in Section 2(a) shall be treated as a series of separate payments for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code.
(f)
Any amounts payable to Employee by the Company under this Agreement or under any other plan or
arrangement of the Company which are subject to Section 409A and are conditioned upon execution of a waiver and
release that may be executed and/or revoked in a calendar year following the calendar year in which the payment event
(such as termination of employment) occurs shall commence payment only in such following calendar year, to the extent
necessary to comply with Section 409A.
3
3.
Non-Solicitation Covenants.
(a)
Restricted Period.
(b)
i.
ii.
iii.
As used in this Agreement, the term "Investor Restricted Period" shall mean (x) the term of Employee's
employment with the Company, and (y) (I) the one-year period commencing on the date that
Employee's employment with the Company terminates, regardless of the reason for such termination
and regardless of whether the termination was voluntary or involuntary, or, if applicable, (II) the six (6)
month period commencing on the date that Employee's employment with the Company terminates,
provided that (i) such termination was by the Company other than for "Cause” (as defined in Exhibit A)
and was within ninety (90) days prior to a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below) or (ii)
such termination was on or after a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below).
As used in this Agreement, the term “Customer Restricted Period" shall mean (x) the term of
Employee's employment with the Company, and (y) (I) the one-year period commencing on the date
that Employee's employment with the Company terminates, regardless of the reason for such
termination and regardless of whether the termination was voluntary or involuntary, or, if applicable, (II)
the six (6) month period commencing on the date that Employee's employment with the Company
terminates, provided that (i) such termination was by the Company other than for "Cause" (as defined
in Exhibit A) and was within ninety (90) days prior to a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4)
below) or (ii) such termination was on or after a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below).
As used in this Agreement, the term "Employee Restricted Period" shall mean (x) the term of
Employee's employment with the Company, and (y) (I) the two-year period commencing on the date
that Employee's employment with the Company terminates, regardless of the reason for such
termination and regardless of whether the termination was voluntary or involuntary, or, if applicable, (II)
the six (6) month period commencing on the date that Employee's employment with the Company
terminates, provided that (i) such termination was by the Company other than for “Cause" (as defined
in Exhibit A) and was within ninety (90) days prior to a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4)
below) or (ii) such termination was on or after a "Change in Control" (as defined in Section (4) below).
Non-Solicitation of Investors. Employee agrees that, during the Investor Restricted Period, Employee
shall not, directly or indirectly, for himself or for any person or entity other than the Company: (i) solicit or accept any
investment from any person or entity that was an Investor, at any time prior to the termination of Employee's employment
with the Company; (ii) induce or influence any such Investor to discontinue, modify, or reduce its business relationship
with the Company; or (iii) assist or cause any person or entity to engage in any of the actions in which Employee has
agreed not to engage under this paragraph. The term "Investor” means investors (and their affiliates) that did business
with the Company, or any account, fund or other entity for which the Advisor or any affiliate of the Advisor provided
investment advisory or management services at any time during Employee's employment and all potential investors
which, as of the last day of Employee's employment, the Company was soliciting or marketing (including, without
limitation, any potential investor (or affiliate thereof) to which the Company delivered a PPM or similar offering
memorandum within the 2 years preceding the termination of Employee's employment). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no person shall be deemed to be an Investor solely based on the fact that such person is or was a stockholder of the
BDC or BDC II.
4
(c) Non-Solicitation of Customers. Employee agrees that, during the Customer Restricted Period, Employee
shall not, directly or indirectly, for himself or for any person or entity other than the Company: (i) solicit business (unless
such business is noncompetitive to the Company's business) from any customer or client of the Company (a “Covered
Customer"); (ii) induce or influence any Covered Customer to discontinue, modify, or reduce its business relationship with
the Company; (iii) solicit, induce or influence any entity to not accept a written term sheet or commitment letter that was
issued in the six months prior to Employee's termination from the Company or discontinue a loan arrangement with the
Company that that was in existence at the time of Employee's termination; or (iv) assist or cause any person or entity to
engage in any of the actions in which Employee has agreed not to engage under this paragraph.
(d)
Non-Solicitation of Employees. Employee agrees that, during the Employee Restricted Period, Employee
shall not, directly or indirectly, for himself or for any person or entity other than the Company: (i) induce, encourage, or
solicit any individual who is employed by the Company as of the date of Employee's termination of employment, or within
one year prior thereto, to leave such employment or to become employed by or provide services to any person or entity
other than the Company, or (ii) assist or cause any person or entity to engage in any of the actions in which Employee
has agreed not to engage under this paragraph.
4.
Definition of “Change in Control”. As used in this Agreement, the term “Change in Control” shall mean
that Leonard Tannenbaum and his affiliated entities collectively cease to have beneficial voting control of FSAM (or, if an
IPO has not occurred, of Fifth Street Holdings, LP).
5.
Confidential or Protected Information. As used in this Agreement, "Confidential or Protected
Information" means:
(a)
confidential, proprietary or trade secret information (including, without limitation, all information as to
which the Company has made efforts to maintain secrecy or that the law protects from disclosure) made available to
Employee, or to which Employee has access, or of which Employee becomes aware during his employment, including,
without limitation, information related to investments made by the Company, information related to the Company's or any
other entity's businesses, systems, operations, finances, investments, transactions, negotiations, claims, potential claims,
sales, marketing, plans, pricing, customers, prospective customers, policies, practices, procedures, products, services,
finances, accounting practices or procedures, financial or investment performance (including, without limitation, any
"track record" data or information), return on investment or capital, internal rate of return (“IRR”), relationships with third
parties, ownership, investors, partners, employees, and management, as well as the Company's or any other entity's
software (in any stage of development), programs (whether or not in final form), ideas, inventions, concepts, formulas,
methods, development, research, designs, drawings, schematics, specifications, techniques, models, data, source code,
object code, flow diagrams, and documentation; and
5
(b)
all information concerning any Inventions or Copyright Works. The term "Invention” means any new or
useful art, discovery, contribution, finding, or improvement, whether or not patentable. The term “Copyright Works”
means materials for which copyright protection may be obtained, including, but not limited to, computer programs, artistic
works (including designs, graphs, drawings, blueprints and other works), literary works, recordings, photographs, slides,
motion pictures, and audiovisual works.
The forgoing description of "Confidential or Protected Information" includes all such information in any and all
forms, whether written, oral, on a computer, tape, chip, or disk, whether prepared by Employee, by the Company, or by
others, whether or not fixed in tangible form, and includes all originals, summaries, portions, and copies of any and all
such information.
6.
Nondisclosure of Confidential or Protected Information. Except as provided below in Paragraph 7,
Employee agrees that during Employee's employment with the Company and after Employee's employment with the
Company terminates, regardless of why such employment terminated and regardless of whether the termination was
voluntary or involuntary, Employee will not disclose to anyone, publish, sell, assign, license, or attempt to do so, and will
not use for Employee's own personal benefit or the benefit of anyone other than the Company, whether directly or
indirectly, any Confidential or Protected Information. Employee also agrees to:
(a)
(b)
maintain in a confidential and protected manner all Confidential or Protected Information;
take all reasonable steps to ensure that persons and entities working for and with Employee maintain in
a confidential and protected manner all Confidential or Protected Information;
(c) take all reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized persons and entities from obtaining, disseminating, or
using Confidential or Protected Information; and
(d)
promptly report to the Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Street whenever Employee learns it is likely that
any unauthorized person or entity seeks or plans to obtain, disseminate, or use any Confidential or Protected Information.
6
7.
Exceptions. The restrictions relating to Confidential or Protected Information set forth in Paragraph 6
above do not apply:
(a)
where such disclosure or use is necessary for Employee to faithfully perform his duties as an employee
for the Company or for other employees to faithfully perform their duties for the Company;
(b) to information which is now or hereafter becomes known or generally available to the public at large,
except if such knowledge results from a breach of this Agreement or another obligation of confidentiality owed to the
Company;
(c)
where Employee has the prior written permission of the Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Street;
(d)
where necessary to comply with any legal obligation applicable to Employee; provided, however, that
before disclosing or permitting disclosure of any Confidential or Protected Information pursuant to a legal obligation,
Employee agrees to (i) promptly notify the Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Street of the legal obligation that Employee
believes requires that he make or permit such disclosure, and (ii) delay, if and to the extent lawful to do so, making such
disclosure to afford the Company a reasonable opportunity to oppose disclosure, or restrict, limit or condition such
disclosure.
8.
Intellectual Property.
(a)
Ownership of Confidential or Protected Information, Inventions, and Copyright Works. Upon conception,
all Confidential or Protected Information, Inventions, and Copyright Works shall become the exclusive property of Fifth
Street whether or not patent or copyright applications are filed on the subject matter of the conception.
(b)
Rights in Copyrights. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Chief Executive Officer of Fifth Street,
original works of authorship fixed in any tangible form that are or were prepared by Employee (alone or jointly with
others) within the scope of Employee's employment with Fifth Street shall be deemed "works made for hire" under
copyright laws and shall be owned by Fifth Street. Employee understands that any sale, assignment, license, or release
of such works can only be made by Fifth Street. Employee will do everything reasonably necessary to enable Fifth Street
or its nominee to protect its rights in such works, including, without limitation, assigning the copyright and all rights,
throughout the world, in and to the work product to Fifth Street and hereby assigns to Fifth Street all such copyright and
rights as of the date hereof.
9.
Company's Property. Upon termination of Employee's employment with the Company, regardless of
the reason (whether voluntary or involuntary), Employee agrees immediately to surrender to Fifth Street all property of
the Company in Employee's possession, control, or custody, including, but not limited to, the equipment, computers,
software, credit cards, books, records, reports, files, manuals, literature, the work product of Employee and all other
Company employees and all property containing Confidential or Protected Information (including all originals, summaries,
portions, and copies).
7
10.
Nondisparagement. Employee agrees that, during and at any time after Employee's employment with
the Company, regardless of the reason (whether voluntary or involuntary), Employee will not, directly or indirectly,
through any agent or affiliate, make any comments or criticisms (whether of a professional or personal nature) to any
individual or other third party or entity regarding the Company (or the terms of any agreement or arrangement of the
Company) or any of its respective affiliates, members, partners or employees, disparaging the business or reputation of
the Company or any of its affiliates, members, partners or employees.
11.
Remedies. Employee acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages may not be a sufficient
remedy for any breach of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a breach of the covenants contained in
Paragraphs 2 and 3 or the unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential or Protected Information, and that the Company
shall be entitled, without waiving any other rights or remedies, to obtain injunctive or equitable relief as may be deemed
proper by a court of competent jurisdiction, without obligation to post any bond. The periods of time during which
Employee is in violation of the covenants set forth in this Agreement shall be added to the Investor Restricted Period, the
Customer Restricted Period, the Employee Restricted Period and the Non-Competition Period, as applicable.
12.
Reasonableness. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this
Agreement are reasonable and will not prevent him from finding other employment if his employment with the Company
ends. Employee also acknowledges and agrees that if Employee uses the Company's confidential information, or
competes with the Company in violation of the terms of this Agreement, that he will be causing the Company irreparable
harm.
13.
Severability; Revision by Court. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If
any provision in this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or unreasonable as
written, Employee and Fifth Street hereby specifically and irrevocably authorize and request said court to revise the
unenforceable or unreasonable provisions in a manner that shall result in the provision being enforceable while remaining
as similar as legally possible to the purpose and intent of the original.
14.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
hereto with respect to the obligations addressed herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
agreements regarding the subject matter hereof.
15.
Amendments; Waivers. Any addition or modification to this Agreement, or waiver of any provision
hereof, must be in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
8
16. Successors and Assigns. Employee understands and agrees that he cannot assign or otherwise
transfer any of his obligations under this Agreement. Employee understands and agrees that Fifth Street may, at its
option, assign or transfer its rights under this Agreement to another organization or individual. Employee understands
and agrees that if there is an assignment or transfer of Fifth Street's rights under this Agreement, then this Agreement will
continue to be effective, will continue to bind Employee, and will inure to the benefit of the organization or individual to
whom the transfer or assignment is made.
17.
Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of Connecticut, excluding its conflicts of laws principles.
18.
Jurisdiction. Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any right
arising out of, this Agreement may be brought against either party only in the courts of the State of Connecticut located in
Fairfield County. Both parties hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such action or
proceeding and waive any objection to venue laid in such courts.
19.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be
executed by facsimile signature.
20.
Employee's Acknowledgment of Voluntary Agreement. Employee acknowledges that he has
carefully read this Agreement, that he has had the opportunity to receive advice with respect to this Agreement by
counsel of his choice, that he understands its terms and its legal effect, and that Employee has entered into this
Agreement voluntarily and not in reliance upon any promises or representations made by the Company other than those
made in this Agreement itself.
21.
No Change in Status. Nothing contained in the Agreement shall affect or in any way change
Employee's at-will employment status.
22.
Section 409A.
(a)
Potential Six-Month Delay. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Agreement, any payment that
may be provided under this Agreement that the Company reasonably determines is subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of
the Code shall not be paid or payment commenced until six (6) months after the date of Employee's termination of
employment (or, if earlier, Employee's death). On the earliest date on which such payments can be commenced without
violating the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, Employee shall be paid, in a single cash lump sum, an
amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding sentence.
9
(b)
Savings Clause. It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall either be exempt
from or comply with Section 409A of the Code (including Treasury regulations and other published guidance related
thereto) so as not to subject Employee to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A
of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such
additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably
possible) the intended benefit payable to Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representation or warranty and shall have no liability to Employee or to any other person if any of the provisions of this
Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, but that do not satisfy an
exemption from, or the conditions of, that section.
[Signature page follows]
10
By signing below, the Company and Employee, intending to be legally bound, agree to the terms of this
Agreement as listed and stated above.
Dated:
Dated:
FSC CT, Inc.
By:
Name:
Title:
Employee:
11
EXHIBIT A
As used in this Agreement, "Cause” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in [the Letter Agreement]/[FOR MR.
OWENS ONLY: the Amended Offer Letter].
Total characters: 71149 | Documents: 3
=== STEP 2: PROJECT SCHEMA & AI PROCESSING CONFIGURATION ===
=== PROJECT SCHEMA FIELDS ===
INSTRUCTION: Extract these fields from the entire document set. Use extraction rules to adjust confidence scores. Reference knowledge documents for validation and conflict detection.
{
  "schema_fields": [
    {
      "field_name": "Effective Date",
      "type": "DATE",
      "AI guidance": "The date on which the Non-Disclosure Agreement officially becomes active and legally binding.",
      "Extraction Rules": "Look for phrases like 'effective as of', 'dated this', 'entered into on'. Ensure the date format is consistent (e.g., YYYY-MM-DD).",
      "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
    },
    {
      "field_name": "Governing Law",
      "type": "TEXT",
      "AI guidance": "The specific state or country whose laws will govern the interpretation and enforcement of the NDA.",
      "Extraction Rules": "Extract the full name of the state or country. Look for phrases such as 'governed by the laws of', 'jurisdiction of', 'construed in accordance with the laws of'.",
      "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
    },
    {
      "field_name": "Term (Years)",
      "type": "NUMBER",
      "AI guidance": "The duration in years for which the confidentiality obligations outlined in the NDA remain in effect. If perpetual, use a large number like 999.",
      "Extraction Rules": "Look for phrases like 'for a period of X years', 'for X months', 'indefinitely', 'perpetual'. Convert months to years (e.g., 18 months = 1.5 years).",
      "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
    },
    {
      "field_name": "Purpose of Disclosure",
      "type": "TEXT",
      "AI guidance": "The stated reason or context for which confidential information is being disclosed under the NDA.",
      "Extraction Rules": "Extract the specific purpose, e.g., 'evaluation of a potential business transaction', 'discussion of a joint venture', 'exploring a strategic partnership'.",
      "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
    }
  ]
}
=== COLLECTIONS (ARRAYS OF OBJECTS) ===
INSTRUCTION: Extract arrays of objects matching these collection structures. Apply extraction rules to individual properties and use knowledge documents to validate each extracted object. Count ALL instances across documents accurately.
{
  "collections": [
    {
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "Details of the entities (companies, organizations, individuals) involved in the Non-Disclosure Agreement.",
      "properties": [
        {
          "property_name": "Name",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for names followed by legal entity identifiers such as 'Inc.', 'LLC', 'Ltd.', 'Corporation', 'GmbH', 'PLC'. Be cautious with abbreviations.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        },
        {
          "property_name": "Role",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for explicit definitions like 'hereinafter referred to as 'Disclosing Party'', 'Receiving Party means...'. If not explicitly defined, infer from the context of information flow.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        },
        {
          "property_name": "Address",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for standard address formats. Ensure all components of the address are captured. Exclude contact names or department names if present.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        },
        {
          "property_name": "State/Country of Incorporation",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for phrases like 'a [State/Country] corporation', 'organized under the laws of [State/Country]', 'registered in [State/Country]'.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        },
        {
          "property_name": "Signatory Name",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for names directly below signature lines, often accompanied by a title. Ignore handwritten signatures; focus on typed or printed names.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        },
        {
          "property_name": "Signatory Title",
          "type": "TEXT",
          "AI guidance": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
          "Extraction Rules": "Look for titles directly below the signatory's name or signature line. Common titles include 'President', 'Vice President', 'Director', 'Manager', 'Authorized Signatory'.",
          "Knowledge Documents": "NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
=== KNOWLEDGE DOCUMENTS ===
INSTRUCTION: Use these documents as reference material for validation and conflict detection. When extracted values conflict with knowledge document requirements, reduce confidence scores and explain the conflict in ai_reasoning.
KNOWLEDGE DOCUMENT 1: NDA Best Practices Guide, Date Formatting Standards
AI-generated guidance document for Non-Disclosure Agreement processing.
Applies to fields: Effective Date, Governing Law, Term (Years), Purpose of Disclosure, Parties.Name, Parties.Role, Parties.Address, Parties.State/Country of Incorporation, Parties.Signatory Name, Parties.Signatory Title
=== EXTRACTION RULES ===
INSTRUCTION: Apply these rules to modify confidence scores for matching values. Global rules apply to all fields, targeted rules apply to specific properties. Rule-based adjustments should be reflected in confidence_score and explained in ai_reasoning.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 1: Effective Date Rule
Applies to: Effective Date
Rule Content: Look for phrases like 'effective as of', 'dated this', 'entered into on'. Ensure the date format is consistent (e.g., YYYY-MM-DD).
🎯 TARGETED RULE 2: Governing Law Rule
Applies to: Governing Law
Rule Content: Extract the full name of the state or country. Look for phrases such as 'governed by the laws of', 'jurisdiction of', 'construed in accordance with the laws of'.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 3: Term (Years) Rule
Applies to: Term (Years)
Rule Content: Look for phrases like 'for a period of X years', 'for X months', 'indefinitely', 'perpetual'. Convert months to years (e.g., 18 months = 1.5 years).
🎯 TARGETED RULE 4: Purpose of Disclosure Rule
Applies to: Purpose of Disclosure
Rule Content: Extract the specific purpose, e.g., 'evaluation of a potential business transaction', 'discussion of a joint venture', 'exploring a strategic partnership'.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 5: Parties.Name Rule
Applies to: Parties.Name
Rule Content: Look for names followed by legal entity identifiers such as 'Inc.', 'LLC', 'Ltd.', 'Corporation', 'GmbH', 'PLC'. Be cautious with abbreviations.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 6: Parties.Role Rule
Applies to: Parties.Role
Rule Content: Look for explicit definitions like 'hereinafter referred to as 'Disclosing Party'', 'Receiving Party means...'. If not explicitly defined, infer from the context of information flow.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 7: Parties.Address Rule
Applies to: Parties.Address
Rule Content: Look for standard address formats. Ensure all components of the address are captured. Exclude contact names or department names if present.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 8: Parties.State/Country of Incorporation Rule
Applies to: Parties.State/Country of Incorporation
Rule Content: Look for phrases like 'a [State/Country] corporation', 'organized under the laws of [State/Country]', 'registered in [State/Country]'.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 9: Parties.Signatory Name Rule
Applies to: Parties.Signatory Name
Rule Content: Look for names directly below signature lines, often accompanied by a title. Ignore handwritten signatures; focus on typed or printed names.
🎯 TARGETED RULE 10: Parties.Signatory Title Rule
Applies to: Parties.Signatory Title
Rule Content: Look for titles directly below the signatory's name or signature line. Common titles include 'President', 'Vice President', 'Director', 'Manager', 'Authorized Signatory'.
=== EXTRACTION SUMMARY === Schema Fields: 4Collections: 1Knowledge Documents: 1Extraction Rules: 10=== END CONFIGURATION ===
=== AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS ===
CORE EXTRACTION PROCESS:
1. Extract data according to schema structure above
2. Count ALL instances across ALL documents accurately
3. Apply extraction rules to modify confidence scores as specified
4. Use knowledge documents for validation and conflict detection

CONFIDENCE SCORING (confidence_score 0-100):
• Base: High confidence (85-95) for clear extractions
• Apply extraction rule adjustments per rule content
• Reduce confidence for knowledge document conflicts
• Let content and rules determine final percentage

AI REASONING (ai_reasoning):
Give reasoning for the score. If knowledge documents and/or extraction rules had influence, please reference which ones in a human-friendly way. Please also include follow up questions that the user can ask the information provider for clarification on the data value.

OUTPUT: JSON format below with confidence_score and ai_reasoning for each field.
=== REQUIRED JSON OUTPUT SCHEMA ===
{
  "field_validations": [
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "19c6c1cc-b54e-4918-ad0d-344756181421",
      "field_name": "Effective Date",
      "description": "The date on which the Non-Disclosure Agreement officially becomes active and legally binding.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "AI explains extraction process here",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "3d19d6c7-56ed-418c-a05f-44c763e5ba2d",
      "field_name": "Governing Law",
      "description": "The specific state or country whose laws will govern the interpretation and enforcement of the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "AI explains extraction process here",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "f66d3f89-8c91-4440-a4f6-5b03d588dcb8",
      "field_name": "Term (Years)",
      "description": "The duration in years for which the confidentiality obligations outlined in the NDA remain in effect. If perpetual, use a large number like 999.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "AI explains extraction process here",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "d0ba2c42-a558-4ee6-96ec-c0d936dff9a3",
      "field_name": "Purpose of Disclosure",
      "description": "The stated reason or context for which confidential information is being disclosed under the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "AI explains extraction process here",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "See AI REASONING (ai_reasoning) in AI PROCESSING INSTRUCTIONS",
      "document_source": "document_name.pdf",
      "validation_status": "pending",
      "record_index": 0
    }
  ]
}
STEP 2 COMPLETE: Schema & Prompt Generated
START EXTRACTION
✅ STEP 3 COMPLETE: AI Extraction Results
=== GEMINI AI EXTRACTION RESULTS ===

```json
{
  "field_validations": [
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "19c6c1cc-b54e-4918-ad0d-344756181421",
      "field_name": "Effective Date",
      "description": "The date on which the Non-Disclosure Agreement officially becomes active and legally binding.",
      "extracted_value": "2008-07-31",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'July 31, 2008' from Document 1, explicitly stated as the 'Effective Date'. This aligns with 'Effective Date Rule' for identifying the date. Documents 2 and 3 have placeholders for the date, resulting in no extraction for those documents.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "19c6c1cc-b54e-4918-ad0d-344756181421",
      "field_name": "Effective Date",
      "description": "The date on which the Non-Disclosure Agreement officially becomes active and legally binding.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The 'Effective Date' in Document 2 is a placeholder ('ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED AS OF 20'), so no specific date could be extracted. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "19c6c1cc-b54e-4918-ad0d-344756181421",
      "field_name": "Effective Date",
      "description": "The date on which the Non-Disclosure Agreement officially becomes active and legally binding.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The 'Effective Date' in Document 3 is a placeholder ('as of the () day of [MONTH], 2014.'), so no specific date could be extracted. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "3d19d6c7-56ed-418c-a05f-44c763e5ba2d",
      "field_name": "Governing Law",
      "description": "The specific state or country whose laws will govern the interpretation and enforcement of the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "State of Minnesota",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'laws of the State of Minnesota' from Document 1. This aligns with 'Governing Law Rule' for identifying the governing jurisdiction.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "3d19d6c7-56ed-418c-a05f-44c763e5ba2d",
      "field_name": "Governing Law",
      "description": "The specific state or country whose laws will govern the interpretation and enforcement of the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "State of Colorado",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'laws of the State of Colorado' from Document 2. This aligns with 'Governing Law Rule' for identifying the governing jurisdiction.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "3d19d6c7-56ed-418c-a05f-44c763e5ba2d",
      "field_name": "Governing Law",
      "description": "The specific state or country whose laws will govern the interpretation and enforcement of the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "State of Connecticut",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'laws of the State of Connecticut' from Document 3. This aligns with 'Governing Law Rule' for identifying the governing jurisdiction.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "f66d3f89-8c91-4440-a4f6-5b03d588dcb8",
      "field_name": "Term (Years)",
      "description": "The duration in years for which the confidentiality obligations outlined in the NDA remain in effect. If perpetual, use a large number like 999.",
      "extracted_value": 4,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Document 1 initially states a 2-year term, but Amendment No. 1 explicitly amends Section 6 to replace 'second anniversary' with 'fourth anniversary', making the term 4 years. This aligns with 'Term (Years) Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "f66d3f89-8c91-4440-a4f6-5b03d588dcb8",
      "field_name": "Term (Years)",
      "description": "The duration in years for which the confidentiality obligations outlined in the NDA remain in effect. If perpetual, use a large number like 999.",
      "extracted_value": 3,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'three (3) years' from Document 2, explicitly stating the survival period for covenants and agreements. This aligns with 'Term (Years) Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "f66d3f89-8c91-4440-a4f6-5b03d588dcb8",
      "field_name": "Term (Years)",
      "description": "The duration in years for which the confidentiality obligations outlined in the NDA remain in effect. If perpetual, use a large number like 999.",
      "extracted_value": 999,
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Document 3 states that the employee 'will not disclose to anyone... any Confidential or Protected Information' during and after employment, indicating a perpetual obligation for confidentiality. This aligns with 'Term (Years) Rule' to use 999 for perpetual terms.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "d0ba2c42-a558-4ee6-96ec-c0d936dff9a3",
      "field_name": "Purpose of Disclosure",
      "description": "The stated reason or context for which confidential information is being disclosed under the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "potential transaction",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'potential transaction' from Document 1, explicitly stated as the purpose. This aligns with 'Purpose of Disclosure Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "d0ba2c42-a558-4ee6-96ec-c0d936dff9a3",
      "field_name": "Purpose of Disclosure",
      "description": "The stated reason or context for which confidential information is being disclosed under the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "business relationship (a \"Possible Transaction\")",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'business relationship (a \"Possible Transaction\")' from Document 2, explicitly stated as the purpose. This aligns with 'Purpose of Disclosure Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "schema_field",
      "field_id": "d0ba2c42-a558-4ee6-96ec-c0d936dff9a3",
      "field_name": "Purpose of Disclosure",
      "description": "The stated reason or context for which confidential information is being disclosed under the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "employment and protection of company's Confidential or Protected Information",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'to employ Employee' and 'protect the Company's Confidential or Protected Information' from Document 3, indicating the dual purpose of the agreement. This aligns with 'Purpose of Disclosure Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "3M Company",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted '3M Company' from Document 1, clearly identified as a party. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Interested Party, Receiving Party",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Interested Party' or 'Receiving Party' from Document 1, explicitly defined for 3M Company. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The address for 3M Company is not explicitly stated in Document 1. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": "Delaware",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'a Delaware corporation' from Document 1 (Amendment section) for 3M Company. This aligns with 'Parties.State/Country of Incorporation Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "David G. Fellner",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'David G. Fellner' from Document 1, found directly below the signature line for 3M Company. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "Manager, 3M Corporate Development",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Manager, 3M Corporate Development' from Document 1 (Amendment section), found directly below the signatory name for 3M Company. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Title Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "Cogent, Inc.",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Cogent, Inc.' from Document 1, clearly identified as a party. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Company, Disclosing Party",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Company' or 'Disclosing Party' from Document 1, explicitly defined for Cogent, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The address for Cogent, Inc. is not explicitly stated in Document 1. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": "Delaware",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'a Delaware corporation' from Document 1 for Cogent, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.State/Country of Incorporation Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "Paul Kim",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Paul Kim' from Document 1, found directly below the signature line for Cogent, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "Chief Financial Officer",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Chief Financial Officer' from Document 1, found directly below the signatory name for Cogent, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Title Rule'.",
      "document_source": "3M Company - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "(Company Name)",
      "confidence_score": 90,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted '(Company Name)' from Document 2, which is a placeholder for the company name. While it's a placeholder, it's the explicit value provided. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Both",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Document 2 explicitly states that both ABC and AeroGrow disclose and receive information, defining 'Disclosing Party' and 'Receiving Party' as either ABC or AeroGrow. This indicates a mutual NDA, so the role is 'Both'. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": "(Company Address)",
      "confidence_score": 90,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted '(Company Address)' from Document 2, which is a placeholder for the company address. While it's a placeholder, it's the explicit value provided. This aligns with 'Parties.Address Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The state/country of incorporation for '(Company Name)' is not specified in Document 2. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory name for '(Company Name)' is not provided in Document 2. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory title for '(Company Name)' is not provided in Document 2. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "AeroGrow International, Inc.",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'AeroGrow International, Inc.' from Document 2, clearly identified as a party. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Both",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Document 2 explicitly states that both ABC and AeroGrow disclose and receive information, defining 'Disclosing Party' and 'Receiving Party' as either ABC or AeroGrow. This indicates a mutual NDA, so the role is 'Both'. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": "900 28th Street, Suite 201, Boulder, CO 80303",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted '900 28th Street, Suite 201, Boulder, CO 80303' from Document 2, clearly identified as AeroGrow's headquarters. This aligns with 'Parties.Address Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": "Nevada",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'a Nevada corporation' from Document 2 for AeroGrow International, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.State/Country of Incorporation Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "F. Wiedemann",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'F. Wiedemann' from Document 2, found directly below the signature line for AeroGrow International, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": "VP",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'VP' from Document 2, found directly below the signatory name for AeroGrow International, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.Signatory Title Rule'.",
      "document_source": "AeroGrow International - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "[NAME]",
      "confidence_score": 90,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted '[NAME]' from Document 3, which is a placeholder for the employee's name. While it's a placeholder, it's the explicit value provided. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Employee",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'Employee' from Document 3, explicitly defined as the role for the individual. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The address for the Employee is not explicitly stated in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The state/country of incorporation for the Employee is not applicable/specified in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory name for the Employee is a placeholder in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory title for the Employee is a placeholder in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 0
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "88c841b6-399c-402a-8fbd-ad94cd9a2569",
      "field_name": "Parties.Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The full legal name of the party involved in the NDA.",
      "extracted_value": "FSC CT, Inc.",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'FSC CT, Inc.' from Document 3, clearly identified as a party. This aligns with 'Parties.Name Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "95abbb4d-1fd7-4111-9a30-158eca367e32",
      "field_name": "Parties.Role",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The designated role of the party in the NDA (e.g., Disclosing Party, Receiving Party, Both).",
      "extracted_value": "Disclosing Party",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "In Document 3, FSC CT, Inc. (as 'Company') is the entity whose confidential information is being protected from disclosure by the Employee. Therefore, it acts as the 'Disclosing Party' of information. This aligns with 'Parties.Role Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "7c3f0f29-fa96-4ac3-b85d-2a09647945d0",
      "field_name": "Parties.Address",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The primary business address of the party, including street, city, state/province, and zip/postal code.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The address for FSC CT, Inc. is not explicitly stated in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "a8b53d35-3c9e-49a6-aea5-894319e7b851",
      "field_name": "Parties.State/Country of Incorporation",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The state or country where the party is legally incorporated, registered, or organized.",
      "extracted_value": "Connecticut",
      "confidence_score": 95,
      "ai_reasoning": "Extracted 'a Connecticut corporation' from Document 3 for FSC CT, Inc. This aligns with 'Parties.State/Country of Incorporation Rule'.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "verified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "5f0e4496-4c9e-4bc2-b5a4-9aa65268aa36",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Name",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The printed name of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory name for FSC CT, Inc. is a placeholder in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 1
    },
    {
      "field_type": "collection_property",
      "field_id": "c29e3d65-292e-4cca-99e1-dfdc1d07767e",
      "field_name": "Parties.Signatory Title",
      "collection_name": "Parties",
      "description": "The official professional title of the individual who signed the NDA on behalf of this party.",
      "extracted_value": null,
      "confidence_score": 0,
      "ai_reasoning": "The signatory title for FSC CT, Inc. is a placeholder in Document 3. Confidence is 0 as the value is missing.",
      "document_source": "Fifth Street Management LLC - NDA.pdf",
      "validation_status": "unverified",
      "record_index": 1
    }
  ]
}
```

=== END RESULTS ===
SAVE TO DATABASE
This is a temporary development preview, and these links are not for public use. Deploy your app for secure sharing or use an invite link.